it's a way in my wallet I keep codex no
matter where I for what I could see the
pretty face and remember and know that
no matter with me no say that no matter
what they don't say all that matters is
my boo because you are my when it all
day I never februari I should you like
the Sun and Sweden mishary going to kick
it like some nice berries and my kisses
to the side and you're all like Carrie
I'm just playing with you man uber good
and pajamas just saying baby gonna be by
Marisa garnish with your hand in mine
and we can have damn good side
see what I'm trying to say is that I
really love you there another what I put
another above you guys just wanna come
somebody murder and out of the girl when
we kiss and make up right over girl huh
I gotta hold you close to me when
everything since at a place in it this
ain't the way to close to be baby just
part of me sick we do i plug to me hey
baby less just 20 the way you make me
feel baby you're my better side gonna
put your hand in mine a we can have a
good time